Fix: broken links (#7878)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/gateway/changelog.md

* Datadog Tracing plugin: We found some late-breaking issues with the Datadog Tracing plugin and elected to remove it from the 3.2 release. We plan to add the plugin back with the issues fixed in a later release. 

### Known issues

> * Due to changes in GPG keys, using yum to install this release triggers a `Public key for kong-enterprise-edition-3.2.1.0.rhel7.amd64.rpm is not installed` error. The package *is* signed, however, it's signed with a different (rotated) key from the metadata service, which triggers the error in yum. To avoid this error, manually download the package from [packages.konghq.com](https://packages.konghq.com/) and install it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Due to changes in GPG keys, using yum to install this release triggers a `Public key for kong-enterprise-edition-3.2.1.0.rhel7.amd64.rpm is not installed` error. The package *is* signed, however, it's signed with a different (rotated) key from the metadata service, which triggers the error in yum. To avoid this error, manually download the package from [packages.konghq.com](https://packages.konghq.com/) and install it. 
```

Should these links not be https://cloudsmith.io/~kong/repos/

Author: packages.konghq.com is the friendly name. but really, this should be using the variable as well.

> * Due to changes in GPG keys, using yum to install this release triggers a `Public key for kong-enterprise-edition-3.2.1.0.rhel7.amd64.rpm is not installed` error. The package *is* signed, however, it's signed with a different (rotated) key from the metadata service, which triggers the error in yum. To avoid this error, manually download the package from [packages.konghq.com](https://packages.konghq.com/) and install it. 

Author: ```suggestion
* Due to changes in GPG keys, using yum to install this release triggers a `Public key for kong-enterprise-edition-3.2.1.0.rhel7.amd64.rpm is not installed` error. The package *is* signed, however, it's signed with a different (rotated) key from the metadata service, which triggers the error in yum. To avoid this error, manually download the package from [{{site.links.download}}]({{site.links.download}}) and install it. 
```
